[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
However, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
that offers the
Flame Flame Fruit as a prize.
[REBECCA]
Are you interested in him?
[LUFFY]
Huh? Who're you?
[REBECCA] I'm Rebecca.
A gladiator here.
This statue before you.
This man was a legend.
[LUFFY] Whoa, really?
The giant old dude?
In the entire history
of the Colosseum,
there's never been a greater
gladiator than Kyros.
[NARRATOR] The Block A round
of the tournament concludes
and the victor is Burgess
from the Blackbeard Pirates.
[NARRATOR] Now, the battle for
Block B is about to start.
But first...
[BELLAMY chuckles]
[BELLAMY]
Hey.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Nice get up, but do ya
think I'm blind?
I don't care how good
the disguise is,
when it comes to
the guy who managed to
swerve my career
into the skids...
...I'll know his face.
[LUFFY gasps]
It's you?
[LUFFY]
You're a jerk.
You really messed up
that poor chestnut head guy.
[LUFFY]
I'll be back by morning, guys.
[BELLAMY cackles]
There's no city of gold,
no island in the sky.
Just oceans and ships
and the men who sail them.
The time for dreaming's over!
Lammy. Right?
[BELLAMY]
It's Bellamy!
Yeah. Lammy.
But wait, what're
you doing here?
[BELLAMY]
What d'you care?
It's not like I'm
glued to Jaya, y'know.
I can go wherever I please.
Besides. Doflamingo is
a real hero of mine.
I've been a fan
ever since I was a kid.
I don't care about
the Flame Flame Fruit,
but I still have plenty to gain
by busting some heads out there.
I'll take you down as
many times as I need to.
I'll warn you, I'm not
the same man as before.
For starters,
I saw the Sky Island,
just like you.
Y'mean Skypeia?
[BELLAMY] I lost all of
my crewmates on that trip,
but it turned my view of the
whole damned world upside down.
[LUFFY]
What happened up there?
You didn't hurt anyone, did you?
Maybe.
[BELLAMY]
Anyway.
I'm not going to hold
a grudge against you anymore.
[BELLAMY] There's a
big wave that's about to
crash through this world,
and I think that Doflamingo's
ship can ride it out.
[BELLAMY] Either way,
I'm done laughing at you.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Hey.
So you're going to
Green Bit, huh?
You can, but I sure
wouldn't recommend it.
You researchers?
Explorers, what?
We're, uh, a little of both.
Whatever you want, is it
worth risking your life over?
'Cause it'd better be.
The bridge there.
What is it made of?
It looks unusual.
[WAITER A] It's solid iron,
but that doesn't make it safe.
Well, that's obvious enough.
As you can see, nobody's
brave enough to use it.
There's a school of
fighting fish nearby,
the seas around Green Bit
are full of the things.
Before those monsters moved in,
people used to go to and
from Green Bit all the time,
but that was about
200 years ago.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
These fish, what're they like?
Nasty horns, nasty disposition.
Take a ship and
they'll capsize you.
Oh, and they'll
attack the bridge, too.
That's what all those
iron bars are for.
Although I hear that
barely slows 'em down.
Wait a sec. They're fish!
What, do they fly
out of the water
and tear straight
through solid iron?
Maybe! Not brave enough
to see, myself!
I know plenty of people
who've tried to go,
but I don't know anyone
who's come back.
What? Traffy! What gives?
Why'd you pick such a dangerous
spot for the tradeoff?
No kidding! Can't you hand me
over someplace nice? You fool!
--[USOPP] Yeah!
--Deal with it.
No point in complaining.
We're already here.
More importantly, don't you
think the people in this country
are acting kind of strange?
Doflamingo said he stepped down.
If they don't have a king,
why is everybody so calm?
We were taken by surprise
the moment we got here.
That's what worries me!
[ROBIN chuckles, gasps]
Hey, Robin,
is something wrong, or?
Shh.
[gasps]
Am I supposed to
know those weirdos?
CP Zero.
[USOPP]
"CP"? Wait a second!
Holy crap, what the hell?
[ROBIN] The strongest
intelligence agents
in the world.
Cypher Pol Aigis 0.
Like CP9? Please tell me
they're not that tough.
I'm afraid that they're
much more dangerous.
[USOPP gasps]
You don't think they're here
'cause of us though, do you?
Maybe they're on
vacation or something?
Whatever their objective may be,
if they're here,
it can't be good news.
I can't disagree.
You're not getting away,
you thieving fairy!
[ZORO groans]
[gasps]
Lost 'em.
Over there!
[ZORO gasps]
You're mine!
[ZORO]
Tricky little punk!
[yells]
I got you now, fairy!
[ZORO] I'll be taking my
sword back, thank you.
[WICKA screams]
[gasps]
[WICKA]
Uh-oh!
[ZORO groans]
[WICKA]
Owie, ow, ow. Dang it!
I really messed up!
That human's gonna see me!
[WICKA] Run you dummy!
Come on, hurry!
[gasps]
Kanjuro! I have
come to save you!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES chuckle]
What do you want?
Who are you?
There is no need for hostility!
I'm just an old man passing by!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Not likely.
For starters, what's with
that topknot under your hat?
This? No, it's simply
a topknot shaped hat.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Then, take it off.
[KIN'EMON gasps] I have
an embarrassing deformity!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Heh. Give it up.
We know you're a samurai.
Foxfire Kin'emon, right?
I know nothing of samurai.
I've never heard of the man!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
We saw you in the video
Caesar was broadcasting
from Punk Hazard.
You samurai are
big on honor, aren't you?
You had to come back.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
And we were ready for you.
Evidently, not ready enough!
Gentleman, you are
making a terrible mistake.
To take aim at a samurai
is to invite death!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Whoa, easy there.
If you don't want your
buddy Kanjuro to get hurt,
you'll put that away.
What? You know of Kanjuro?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A laughs]
Yeah. So why don't you
move that hand away
from your sword for me?
You cur!
Then you also must know
where to find him!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Of course I do,
but if you don't start
playing nice real fast,
I'll be more than happy
to kill the both of you.
[CROWD cheering]
Now, the time has arrived!
At long last,
our second set of fearsome
fighters is entering the ring,
so I hope you're
ready for Block B!
[CROWD cheering]
[LUFFY] Aw jeez, I better
hurry! It's starting!
Wow! We got a great
view up here!
Gotta admit, that's pretty
dirty-handed of you.
Not cool, Mister Navy Man.
This fight is suposed
to be fair and square.
But with all these
big name pirates,
you couldn't resist, could ya?
You're full of it.
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
You think playing dumb'll
get you off the hook, huh?
Sorry, but if you pick
a fight with my buddies,
then you're picking
a fight with me, as well.
And if you insist
on raising a stink,
then I'll have to
silence you. Bartolomeo.
You know my name!
I feel like a real celebrity!
Violet, my dear.
What's wrong?
Nothing! I just wanted
to say your name!
I see!
Say, Sanji.
Uh-huh?
I just wanted to say your name.
[SANJI gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Target is in sight. Let's go.
[VIOLET gasps]
We're safe now!
[SANJI]
Dearest Nami. Dearest Robin.
I hope the weather is
nice where you are.
[SANJI]
Yeehaw!
My goodness! You're strong!
That was amazing!
No, no!
Anyone can detect a sniper
from over a hundred feet away!
It was nothing at all, really!
Oh, my hero!
[SANJI] As for me,
I'm trapped in a hurricane.
That is to say,
a hurricane called "love."
[SANJI laughs]
You can always count on me!
[MOMONOSUKE]
Wrong! All wrong!
You're not supposed to
drink the tea, you fool!
Huh?
You test for poison.
Then, once you're
certain that it's safe,
you give the tea to
the shogun, who is me!
If it's not safe, then you
simply die. Get it?
Uh-huh!
Do it again.
Choppa'emon.
My tea.
[CHOPPER]
As you wish.
I shall return shortly
with your beverage.
Shogun. I hope that
my lap is to your liking.
It is most satisfactory.
In fact, I might stay
like this all day long.
I see. You're welcome
to do so, My Lord.
I might stay like this
all day! [chuckles]
[BROOK screams]
Ugh! How awful of you!
And why?
Oh, you mean this wasn't
a "sleeping on your lap" party?
What d'you think, Brook?
Play along!
It's a game!
Pretending Momo's the Shogun!
I'm afraid I don't follow.
It's sad.
If we leave Momo alone,
he gets all depressed about
something and nobody knows why.
He's probably just pretending
to get our sympathy.
C'mon, Brook!
I feel bad for him!
He doesn't want to
share it with us,
but I think he went through
something real bad.
Huh?
I didn't notice myself,
but I trust your opinion.
Perhaps, he's acting
cheery for our sake?
He's sad, but he doesn't
want to worry his friends.
I had it all backwards!
Hey, Bone-kichi!
[BROOK]
Yes?
You're a funny fellow,
try to amuse me!
Sorry!
See, I only take orders
from Captain Luffy!
Do it!
Ugh, very well then!
I shall sing you a song.
An excellent proposition!
[CHOPPER]
Go, Soul King!
♪ Don't you know. ♪
♪ Oh, don't you know you can't
keep a good corpse down! ♪
♪ Bury me deep. ♪
♪ You won't hear a peep, ♪
♪ but soon enough I'll
wake up from my sleep! ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Fatality. ♪
♪ It-ain't-got-nuthin-on-me! ♪
♪ YAYuh! ♪
[ALL cheer]
[BROOK]
Thank you, everybody!
[crash]
[BROOK]
Huh?
[OTHERS]
[crashing]
[GIOLLA]
I don't like it.
[crashing]
Uh-oh. What's that?
We're the only people
on the Sunny, aren't we?
I thought so. [gasps]
Is it a ghost?
Creepy!
I'm scared!
Help!
[GIOLLA]
Dearie me, this won't do.
[BROOK] I-It's coming from
the men's dormitory!
[GIOLLA]
This won't do at all.
[BROOK screams]
My song brought
them back from the dead!
Is it the enemy?
[GIOLLA]
How do you like this?
[crash]
[NAMI, MOMONOSUKE gasp]
Wha-- Wha--
What should we do?
[NAMI]
Chopper!
[MOMONOSUKE]
Bone-kichi!
You go check it out.
[BROOK, CHOPPER]
What?!
If the shogun says so.
[BOTH gasp]
[NAMI]
Okay, that is not normal!
[CROWD cheering]
I can't believe this crap!
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
If you're that weak,
you weren't gonna win anyway.
Don't feel bad.
[yells]
Competitors of Block B,
report to the arena now!
Has anyone here seen Capman?
Bartolomeo, it's time to go!
Ah. There you are.
Bartolomeo, right?
Hey, Block B is starting.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Got it.
[JUDGE 633A] Have you seen
a competitor called Capman?
He's still missing.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Nah. Sorry, pal.
[CROWD cheering]
Is it all right if I
watch with you, Lucy?
Sure! It'll be fun! [giggles]
[GYATS]
Good news, folks,
they've found one of
the missing competitors!
This one is going to make
a big splash in Block B!
In only a year,
he and his crew made it
to the waters of the New World!
He's on the fast
track to infamy!
Absolutely brutal,
absolutely crazy!
He roasted pirates on a skewer
and filmed it for
the world to see!
He opened fire on innocent
civilians for no good reason!
Recently ranked number one
in the "Most Annoying Pirates
Who Should Just
Go Away" competition.
The irrepressible,
irredeemable... Bartolomeo!
[CROWD cheers]
You're goin' on a
one way trip straight to hell!
All of you!
[NARRATOR] The Block B matches
are finally getting underway!
While Bellamy dispatches
his opponents with ease,
a ruthless contender worth
over a hundred million
suddenly bursts onto
the scene like a comet,
and his unusual behavior soon
throws the entire Colosseum
into an uproar.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Super Rookie!
Bartolomeo the Cannibal!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!